[doc] Add architecture docs (#376)
kubernetes-sigs/kwok: site/content/en/docs/design/architecture.md

# Architecture

{{< hint "info" >}}

This document will introduce the architecture of KWOK.

{{< /hint >}}

## `kwok`

> `kwok` is a resource controller just like `kube-controller-manager`, that responsible for simulating the lifecycle of fake nodes, pods, and other Kubernetes API resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kwok` is a resource controller, similar to `kube-controller-manager`, that is responsible for simulating the lifecycle of fake nodes, pods, and other Kubernetes API resources.
```

It can run in any environment, use in-cluster or kubeconfig to connect to a `kube-apiserver` of cluster, and then manage the resources of the cluster.

So far, `kwok` has implemented the following controllers:

> - Node Controller - It is responsible for selecting the node to simulate, and then simulating the node's lifecycle, just update the heartbeat of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node Controller - It is responsible for selecting the node to simulate, and then simulating the node's lifecycle, just by updating the heartbeat of the node.
```

> - Pod Controller - It is responsible for pod that is on selected node, and play the stage of pod's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pod Controller - It is responsible for pod that is on selected node, and plays the stage of pod's lifecycle.
```

## `kwokctl`

`kwokctl` is a CLI tool designed to streamline the creation and management of clusters, with nodes simulated by `kwok`.

It creates the cluster with the `kwokctl create cluster` command.

> Use the runtime to start the control plane component, and then access it from `kube-apiserver` as if it were a real cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the runtime to start the control plane component, and then access it from `kube-apiserver` as if it was a real cluster.
```
